---
title:  "How to Choose the Ideal Credit Card for Rewards? Credit Card Rewards Calculator Works!"
date:   2018-09-17 16:16:01 -0800
category: [ credit cards ]
---

Who doesn’t like to save money and get some perks on everyday spending. Credit cards can actually be very helpful on this mission, as they can reward you in number of ways. Credit card holder can earn free hotel nights, dining, airline miles, free upgrades, and even real cash. Many of the cards provide sign-up bonuses, but some of them will cost you a fortune in annual fees. Currently there are more than couple of hundreds travel rewards and cashback credit cards offered by the banks. How to find the right one? Browse an internet sounds like a good idea, but there are so many views out there, and internet sources will rank credit cards all differently. One source will quote Capital One’s Venture credit card to provide the most savings. Another site will rank Chase Sapphire Preferred as number one rewards credit card. And so on and so forth. Rewards credit cards reviews are pages long. You can spend hours and hours in research for the cash back or travel rewards credit card. Even then you might miss some important information to actually convert your spending into real bonuses, as certain credit cards’ rewards looks very tempting, but actually require minimum spending within a certain period in order to get all the promised bonuses.

Most definitely, there is no one credit card that fits all. The credit card that will reward you the most depends on your spending style. Are you a frequent traveller or prefer staycation? Do you like eating in restaurants or prefer grocery shopping and cooking meals for the family? How would you like your rewards - in cash back, miles or points? Your lifestyle and preferences matter when you consider maximizing your returns by using credit card. So, using [free credit card reward calculator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link _pages/find.md %}) to spot the best bonus card based on your spending profile might be a very convenient pass. The calculator will show three best rewards credit cards and how much you can expect to earn with them in one, two, and three years. The earnings will be net of annual credit cards fees, if any.

The smartest way to find your ideal credit card for rewards is to perform exact calculations based on your best spending estimates. The [free calculator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link _pages/find.md %}) will be the best help for you here. For example, monthly spendings of $5,000 could generate around $1,800 worth of travel miles with one card or around $1,500 in cash back in one year with a different card. It all depends on the spending breakdown. Now it is a good time to find your ideal rewards credit card.

Please make sure to check out our [calculator]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link _pages/find.md %}) that will help you to chose card with highest rewards for your spendings pattern.
